---
id: 3
title: "Schizo Sunday: It's All Over! How Monkeypox will Crash the Market."
slug: schizo-sunday-monkeypox
section: Blog
date: 'July 24th, 2022'
img: Monkeypox-1.png
categories:
  - Psychology
  - The Flations
  - Economics of Nations
  - Debt
  - Investing
---

<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A fast spreading, unknown, and painful virus is here again. Recently declared a "global emergency" by the WHO; monkeypox has infected 65 countries, had untraceable community infections, and has infected children. Is Monkeypox Covid 2.0? How did markets react last time? The zombie business cycle will be forced to end!</p>

<!--more-->

Clickbait title I know, but let's get into it and see if this is dumb or not. This is the loose outline for the "article". I'm going to talk about monkeypox and similarities to Covid and HIV/AIDS. What it is and how it is different than the past versions. Also important to note that this is purely for fun; I know barely anything about biology.

- Severity and Spread of Monkeypox
  - Similarities to covid and HIV/AIDS
  - Severity
  - Spread

I watched covid when it was just beginning to spread. I watched when China was just under 100 cases and Japan, South Korea, and lots of other neighboring countries all started to get a single digit amount of cases. I saw the virus hop to nation and then have it bloom into 2, 3, and 4 digits cases fast. I saw instances of people being infected with Covid yet they never left their daily routine, had been in contact with anyone sick, or had left the country. I saw cruise lines become super spreader events just by existing. And to top it all off I saw the markets decisive understanding of the future. The markets knew how impossible this would be to contain and how demand would die like a candle in tsunami. And then something miraculous happened: each nation did two things. First the central bank of a nation eased it's monetary policy. This made money cheap and stopped the the crisis that was forming. And second, the government swooped in a bailed everyone out. In essence: everyone kicked the can. "Let's deal with later". Now the bill is due and it's bigger than before.

<br>

### Spread and Severity of Monkeypox:

Monkeypox has been around for a bit and usually it's not too scary. In Africa, around Nigeria and neighboring countries, this virus has been endemic. It never became a large problem in the country and did not spread far. As for Africa, this is nothing new. Many viruses and diseases are endemic in Africa as most nations in Africa are not developed to the point the western world is. This is largely okay with the majority of the world as it's easy to think "who cares it doesn't affect me". This logic works out great until it does affect you, and it's starting to.

Monkeypox started spreading outside of Africa about a month or two ago, and monkeypox has about the same origin that HIV/AIDS had. Started in the gay/bisexual community, unknown spread, and-from what I've seen-a universal want to call it a "gay disease" by outsiders. However, this virus also has a lot in common with Covid. We have a virus that previously did not spread or show characteristics it does now, was contained in the past, and has a striking amount of differences with the past when looking at the amino acids.

The differences in amino acids between Covid and it's past (SARS, MERS) actually made pretty big waves. Covid was structurally different and needed an approach that was faster and more flexible than the SARS and MERS approach. SARS and MERS were contained only because someone could only infect another person when they were showing symptoms themselves. So all the CDC (or a nations respective health organization) had to do was trace everyone who was sick or was in contact with someone was sick. And then lock down anyone on that list who was showing symptoms. This worked and SARS and MERS became contained; the virus can be put on ice and forgotten about. However, this was not the case for Covid and thus is became and pandemic we will never get rid of. The large jump in amino acids and characteristics for Covid prompted the lab leak theory to exist. (I don't know anything about this theory other than it talks about Covid coming from a lab)

Monkeypox is following in the shadow of Covid. Around 20 amino acids are different than the past versions of monkeypox. And the basic approach we were taking before is failing to contain the spread now. Monkeypox has shown in 65 countries with 15,600 cases and has community spread. An article from a local fox news station talked about community spread a month ago. On June 30th Lauren Talarico wrote "The Texas Department of Health is now reporting 12 cases statewide, three of which are not linked to travel, indicating that transmission is now happening in the community." in her [article](https://www.khou.com/article/news/local/monkeypox-in-texas-community-transmission/285-dd826376-ede2-471f-a8a3-940a31929c38). This virus is also no joke. Many who get it are miserable for its experience. One [article](https://www.cbsnews.com/newyork/news/monkeypox-patient-interview-lesions/) from CBS has an excerpt about how brutal the virus is "A few days later, he says he developed intense flu-like symptoms, but as those went away, he says, 'More and more lesions were appearing ... And by far the worst part was the pain. I mean, to the point that I had to be prescribed narcotic painkillers just to be able to go to sleep.'". I don't exactly want a virus that gives me so much pain I need narcotic painkiller just to sleep. Other monkeypox symptoms include Fever, Headache, Muscle aches and backache, Swollen lymph nodes, Chills, and Exhaustion. On top of this is the infamous pox-virus rash which you can see some photos of [here](https://www.cdc.gov/poxvirus/monkeypox/symptoms.html) on the CDC's website. These photos are <b>TAME</b> compared to the more difficult to view photos I have seen. From what I've seen and read this virus looks like a month of hell.

But let's talk about spread real quick. Or better yet how little we know about spread. As of right now the accepted position I see coming from various governments is that monkeypox will only spread through sex. Now, I have to admit, that about a week ago I say a brief blip about how it was 95% through sex. And while that 5% break may seem small that uncertainty-or at the very least lack-of knowledge-is quite important. Because it shows we don't 100% know how monkeypox spreads. Just from a <b>brief</b> look at google I see that the CDC says there is no air to air spread, but I see other articles saying that there is potential for air to air spread. Remember what happened with covid? No air to air spread one week and the next we are all wearing masks. I really don't think the CDC has reliable information about how the current version of monkeypox spreads. I think they are using past data which will not work for the present situation. The CDC (and government in general) makes this mistake often. Case and point being Covid. 

I am going to posit the idea the monkeypox can spread in ways we are 100% sure it can. And to do this I think we really only have to look at a couple points of information. First, children and getting sick. One [article](https://www.cnn.com/2022/07/22/health/monkeypox-children-vaccine/index.html) briefly talks about this saying "One case is a toddler who is a resident of California. The other is an infant who is not a US resident. Public health officials are investigating how the children were infected.". This shows that at the very least the spread is not contained to just sex. Second we can see that the virus jumps countries pretty fast. This is where I would break out a chart if I had the data (or knew how to put an image in an article). I can't find the data anywhere so I'm going to have to go off my own intuition/knowledge, but I'm pretty sure it took a long bit for Covid to make it to 65 countries. When in direct comparison for this point of data it seems that monkeypox is the clear winner in spreadability. However, on the flip side you could easily make the argument that Covid would go unnoticed as a majority of people just felt like they had a cold. While with monkeypox you see lesions and thus it is easily tracked. Next we can look cases and how fast that is rising. Again, I would throw pictures and stuff here but I don't have it or the data. So your going to have to take my word for it: monkeypox is spreading as fast as covid. It's actually moving so fast that the [monkeypox subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Monkeypox/) had a joke that went bust rather quick. "no need to panic. There are more members of this sub than there are cases". Now 15.6K cases vs. 12.6K members. Overall I think it's fair to say that monkeypox is spreading fast and probably in ways we don't know about.

In conclusion monkeypox is no joke and should be taken seriously. If this virus continues to spread at the rate it is then I would be extremely concerned. It would have a devastating impact. One which would be greater than Covid's. I really hope it spreads as a STD the most because if not we are in a world of pain.