---
id: 5
title: "Blog Post: Monday, 07-25-22"
slug: blog-post-1
section: Blog
date: 'July 25th, 2022'
img: Bird-In-A-Cage.png
categories:
  - Foundational Information
---
<!-- bro I really need more pictures -->

China housing bubble; then start then soviet union growth; bird in a cage; who has a cycle?; europoor lol.

<!--more-->

I really don't think China is going to survive it's housing bubble it made. I mean they dumped concrete for 40 years into building infrastructure and transportation and for what? I mean half the cities are decaying. And the high speed rail system they have isn't even used. I know for a fact that like 20% (3/20?) lose money YoY. And it's coming out now about people not paying their mortgage because the house they bought isn't finished. I think at that point your housing market is just kapoot. In America we had that in 2008 and we saw the future it was gonna bring. And China's housing bubble is BIGGER. I pretty sure I also saw that china was forcing people to buy homes in some way? Now that I write that out it seems insanse, but I swear I saw a blip. Also I'm curius to see if China even follows a buisness cycle. From any chart I've seen about China's data they all show 40 years of straight up 10%. Straight up miracle growth. Not even the soviets could achieve that and they had a stellar run of high growth. Now you gotta be fair that the Soviet Union could only get that stunnin growth because they had no industry at the start. Any amount of resources poured into making factories would have done wonders. And it did. But China has industry, they are have companies that rival America in some ways. American companies do probably win over a majority of the time: That's just math. But Alibaba rivals Amazon; Weibu rivals Facebook. I don't think China has an industry to abuse like the Soviets did. Agriculture? no. Energy? I don't think they have oil. They actually are getting into trouble in the south china see because of no oil. They are like claiming sea that is just off the coast of other nations as theirs. Anyways I think China's model may have something to do with the ideology of a "bird in a cage". Essentially they let the bird fly around all it wants, but it can't leave the cage. So the Chinese let capitalism run rampant. ```Honestly I'm betting this is why the chinese worker conditions look so brutal (or it's just American propoganda i'm eating up).``` This allows for the stellar rise in GDP for 40 years. But they don't let the bird out of the cage. Companies are forced into a direction. Sometimes this involves new laws, orders from the government, or just coercion. <sub>Jack Ma</sub>. But anyways back to the business cycle thought. Does China have one? You can't possibly have the death part of the cycle if you have 40 years of growth. I think they are stuck in the rise part. Does that makes their crash worse? I don't think so? The only part you would have to look at is how much debt did they acrue and was it productive debt? Okay-no cap-I thought about this in the bathroom and came to the conclusion that it would be bad for them. I think the productive debt argument doesn't work because if the final (death) park of the business cycle doesn't happen then how could you ever purge unproductive debt? And they wouldn't even know if the housing market is in a bubble or not? How could you ever check how putrid the market is without a growth decrease? I think they are in a very bad situation. I think they might have slept walked into their 2008. And the chinese housing bond market is so funny to watch. You can see the bigger companies have denial about what's coming and then like a month later their in the same spot. A month passes and bam! An even bigger one sells hard. Anways I really don't think China is surviving this. Do other countries have business cycles? Like American business cycles are clean. But do countries like the UK? India? I don't think you can view Europe. They are bloated to hell the same as us. Europe loves QE more than we do: we are zombie economy twins. And negative rates LMFAO. Also the UK really got out in the knick of time. I think they know what's coming and detached early. Because to go all those years reaping the benefits of selling to a continent uninhibited and only to turn around at the end before it implodes is sus ngl. I want to know if Argentina or Canada has a business cycle. Do they?