---
id: 6
title: "Blog Post: Wednesday, 07-27-22"
slug: blog-post-2
section: Blog
date: 'July 27th, 2022'
img: Jerome-Powell.png
categories:
  - Foundational Information
---
<!-- bro I really need more pictures STILL -->
Today's events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;FOMC meeting with a .75 raise
<br><br>
Traded events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*The perfect storm*

<!--more-->

### EVENTS TODAY
 - FOMC MEETING
   - .75 Raise

I'm kinda suprised the fed did not raise 1%. They had been hyping how much they wanted to kill inflation for a bit. And they had that .5 leak or the .75 leak where the rate raise got "leaked" two days before. Like come on. You really think they are going to let the bond market get blindsided by a rate raise? Completely drop the ball on forward guidance? In the middle of this shit? I doubt it. I'm also very interested to see the weight the debt will hold. After all this is my first bubble<sub>*1*</sub>. And especially considering that we have *so much* debt. It's almost absurd at this point. Like fr, how much debt was added during 2020. And the funniest part is I recently learned that 2020 only started to rally after QE unlimited. LMFAO. Clown economy no cap. 

1. I was born in 2001 so I missed the big parts of Y2K. Only 7 years old for 2008. And now at 21 I get to experience the biggest crash ever :celebrate-emoji: .

### TODAY'S TRADES

Events: 
*The perfect storm:* FOMC MEETING, .75 Raise
  - Past FOMC meetings had a rally from it and then sold off forever after.
  - Market Overbought IMO
  - VIX very undersold IMO
  - The perfect storm
  - If your not buying UVXY here you shouldn't be trading.

This was an exceptionally good trade the more I think about it. There is an aspect to all bear market rallies where you lose your faith in your thesis. "Nothing like price to change sentiment". And because we are in a very retail "dominated" market that it is the perfect time to strike. "The stock market rallies on .75!!! This must be the bottom!!". Then they all buy in and it gets dumped the next day. Somewhat sad somewhat hilarious. And what I mean by "dominated" is that we are verrry late cycle so there are a lot more than normal. Anyways if this trade flops I am going to look like such a fool.

| Date     | Buy/Sell | Ticker | Amount | Call/Put | Strike | Expiration Date | Average Price | Total |
| -------- | -------- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| 07/27/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 2      | Call     | $11    | 08/12/22        | $1.10         | $220  |
| 07/27/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 2      | Call     | $14    | 08/19/22        | $.5           | $100  |
| 07/27/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 1      | Call     | $11    | 08/05/22        | $.69          | $69   |

### WEBSITE PROGRESS

There was actually a lot of progress today. I created a "Ideas-Notes.md" for which I will store my notes and ideas. I did a lot of organizing thoughts work today. You can see I split what an economy is into 4 sections: Wealth vs. Reality, Business Cycle, Money and Debt, and THEE CONSUMER. You can not see this file on the site but it is on github. Each section has it's own sub sections and so on. I hope that this would be enough information to be able to build your way up. Including forcing me to completely understand everything. I do not expect to be done by the time the crash happens. Especially with a .75 raise today. You can not see this file on the site but it is on github.

