---
id: 7
title: 'Blog Post: Thursday, 07-28-22'
slug: blog-post-3
section: Blog
date: 'July 28th, 2022'
img: Crying-Bear.png
categories:
  - Investing
---
<!-- bro I really need more pictures STILL STILL-->
Today's events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;None
<br><br>
Traded events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*I look like a fool*

<!--more-->

### EVENTS TODAY
 - None

Nothing super eventful happened today. Company earnings happened and here are some points of information.

List of facts I'm seeing on twitter:
- Largest two-days rally following a hike since 1970
- Intel -10% misses EPS
- Roku -30% 
  - LMFAO. Imagine being long beta
- Amazon had a negative QoQ.
  - BRUH I'm dying here

Day ended up. Kind of surprising, but we are in a bear market rally and I don't see this lasting long.

This is a brief update for today; this is not my daily blog post. I just wanted to update the UVXY trade because it is sad. Side note I should add emojis. I don't know how but I will figure it out. 

### TODAY'S TRADES

Events: 
*I look like a fool:*

Quick update because UVXY is down 4.5% at 10:24. I look like such a fool :tears down face emoji:. But if I'm being honest I'm deadass just gonna double down. This is still cheap af and with Vix especially it's better to be  a holder than a trader. I might buy some like 8/20 OTM calls. I think its such a good trade because VIX is by nature cyclical. All I have to do it get on the roller coaster at the bottom and sell at the top. It may not be that simple but I believe :hopium:. 

Okay it's 1:08 now. Vix is down even more. UVXY is down 6.7%. You have to be buying here. Especially after 45 days down in a row. This is sooo cheap omg. Either we are entering a new paradigm or this is the bottom for vix. 

Okay overall the day did not go my way. HOWEVER, I really like Vix here and omg am I a buyer. Can't wait to see the future price action no cap.

| Date     | Buy/Sell | Ticker | Amount | Call/Put | Strike | Expiration Date | Average Price | Total |
| -------- | -------- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| 07/28/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 1      | Call     | $11    | 08/12/22        | $.71          | $71   |
| 07/28/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 2      | Call     | $14    | 08/19/22        | $.43          | $86   |
| 07/28/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 4      | Call     | $10.5  | 08/05/22        | $.61          | $244  |


### WEBSITE PROGRESS

Lot's of work today. I will be killing breakdowns and current event. Rip to the tiny article about the EU debt crisis, it will be killed. But tbf who cares about Europe. I almost made it lowercase. That's how little I respect it. Otherwise I have Components, Markets, and Special Events now instead of categories. I felt that the categories page was a little to 8th grade history and not enough structure or use. Components will be overviews on BASIC items. Bonds, Stocks, Bitcoin, Supply and Demand. Markets is explainers on various markets: Housing, UST, Stock. Special Events is the cool on tho. It will be the important ones: Yield Curve Inversion, Credit Crisis, QE. Also the American Economy overview was split between history and concepts. History will be the past and what lead up to our present while concepts will be a dissection of a concept and it's "existence". So like how it cycles, how to interacts, stuff like that. 

