---
id: 8
title: 'Blog Post: Friday, 07-29-22'
slug: blog-post-4
section: Blog
date: 'July 29th, 2022'
img: Watch-On-Wrist.png
categories:
  - Investing
---
<!-- bro I really need more pictures STILL STILL-->
Today's events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;None
<br><br>
Traded events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;None

<!--more-->

### EVENTS TODAY

It was a hella boring day. So boring in fact that I'm writing this baby at 2 and the market clsoes at 3. There was a somewaht notable event that happened tho: the CDC announced that there was no certified treatment for monkeypox. SIGA imploded at that and was halted. I'm kinda salty I missed the 50% up week with SIGA as I sold right before the rise. However, I'm not sure how the stock price will fair in the crash so I stepped out. Even if there is constant demand for monkeypox medication will the company survive? I guess it technically has to. Anyways there are lot's of monkeypox events happening. The Schizo Sunday will be quite spectacular. But fr could the market reverse tho, this is getting annoying

### TODAY'S TRADES

Events: None

I'm still buying Vix as it's so low. Tom Lee of Fundstrat said on CNBC said the bear market was over today. Bruh



| Date     | Buy/Sell | Ticker | Amount | Call/Put | Strike | Expiration Date | Average Price | Total |
| -------- | -------- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| 07/29/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 1      | Call     | $11    | 08/12/22        | $.54          | $54   |


### WEBSITE PROGRESS

I'm thinking on boring days like this I could just ramble like I did with the first blog but who knows. I'll sit on that for a bit before I decide what to do. The website is hella broken as I am redoing the foundation. I think I have it sorted out how I want though, so I don't anticipate any big changes coming soon. This is also why I deleted every test. I didn't know what I wanted and I didn't want to be constricted by tests. I may creates tests after I finish but I doubt it. Fundamentals were added: These are like how everything is made up of electrons, protons, and nuetrons, but for Econ. Also they are somewhat philosophical. So for exmple I'd say Yields can be found in anything, this is a tad hippy-y.
