---
id: 10
title: 'Blog Post: Monday, 08-01-22'
slug: blog-post-5
section: Blog
date: 'August 1st, 2022'
img: Pelosi-080122.png
categories:
  - Investing
---

Today's events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;What a cursed photo OMG
<br><br>
Traded events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;None

<!--more-->

### EVENTS TODAY

Boring day again. Pelosi may or may not go to Taiwan. The U.S. and China have been playing chicken for a bit about it. China is saying that if Pelosi vists it will be an act of war and yada yada yada. On the U.S. side the white house says that Taiwan is not independant, but I don't think congress agrees. I'd say this congress comment is stable because of the potential Pelosi vist even in the face of war. I did make a new rule for trading. No options that expire in less than 2 months. As much as the lotto tickets are fun they are gambling. Plus I do REALLY well with "trades" that last longer than 3 months anyways. I'm not sure what to call the "investments" that I am good at. They are too long to be trades and too short to be investments. What a weird problem to have.


### TODAY'S TRADES

Events: None

Literally felt sick while typing in the trades total. I will not be touching options that expire in less than 2 months after this. Felt awful seeing how much I lost trying to catch the knife on VIX. Unfortunate but a lesson learned. Anyways This is a great time to go long VIX or short the market. Doesn't even matter what you short it's all gonna drop this month.


| Date     | Buy/Sell | Ticker | Amount | Call/Put | Strike | Expiration Date | Average Price | Total |
| -------- | -------- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| 08/01/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 5      | Call     | $55    | 01/20/23        | $.94          | $455  |
| 08/01/22 | Sell     | UVXY   | 1      | Call     | $11    | 08/05/22        | $.29          | $29   |
| 08/01/22 | Sell     | UVXY   | 4      | Call     | $10.5  | 08/05/22        | $.44          | $176  |
| 08/01/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 2      | Call     | $14    | 08/19/22        | $34           | $68   |
| 08/01/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 2      | Call     | $55    | 01/20/23        | $.8           | $160  |
| 08/01/22 | Sell     | UVXY   | 4      | Call     | $11    | 08/12/22        | $.6675        | $267  |
| 08/01/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 2      | Call     | $15    | 10/21/22        | $1.51         | $302  |


### WEBSITE PROGRESS

None. Everything is on hold until the template from cal-overflow is complete because I need to tear up and redo the foundation of the site. Dreading that. Actually one thing: I now just put the whole article in dalle mini to get the picture. This started today when I wrote the Schizo Sunday for yesterday.