---
id: 11
title: 'Blog Post: Tuesday, 08-02-22'
slug: blog-post-6
section: Blog
date: 'August 2nd, 2022'
img: 10YR-UST-080222.png
categories:
  - Investing
---

Today's events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Start of WW3???
<br><br>
Traded events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;None
<br><br>
Today's picture is from: TradingView, 10YR UST 

<!--more-->

### EVENTS TODAY

We have have started WW3 :celebrate emoji:. No cap, the website will look so good with emojis (I guarantee I can add them now but I just don't know how to). Anyways, so China publicly declares that if Pelosi visits Taiwan it would be an act of war and Pelosi does it anyways. Dub moment for America. China has no right to Taiwan. But now China is moving their military east and blasting propaganda internally. They now have "live fire training" around the island and Taiwan has specifically said in the past that China could do a lot of damage by blocking ports. Oh and don't forget half the worlds chips come from Taiwan. This will be interesting wether we like it or not. I hope we don't enter WW3 here, but with Russia and China backing each other diplomatically, economically, and militarily I don't see an alternative to at the very least a tug of war for the throne of the world. Just remember: Take a shot at the king you best not miss. 


### TODAY'S TRADES

Events: None

No trades today. I barely even looked at Vix as I was messing around with dalle mini and working: looks like Vix may have bottomed but who knows. Only thing to report is the obvious head and shoulders top on the USTs (10yr specifically). You can see this on this blog's picture. The inflationary regime we have experienced for the last two years is over. Now begins inflation and subsequently act 2 of this whole ordeal. Is cash truly trash? I doubt it.


| Date     | Buy/Sell | Ticker | Amount | Call/Put | Strike | Expiration Date | Average Price | Total |
| -------- | -------- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------- | ----- |


### WEBSITE PROGRESS

Just about zero progress will be made until the fork is brought up to speed with what we want. I don't want to do any work for this website when I know I will be able to just merge in from the fork. Especially considering the work required for what I want. I really don't want to dig at this concrete foundation with like a silver work. I barely even know how this website works. 
