---
id: 16
title: 'Blog Post: Wednesday, 08-10-22'
slug: blog-post-7
date: 'August 10th, 2022'
img: Debt-Demographics-Destiny.png
categories:
  - Investing
---

Today's events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Monthly CPI
<br><br>
Traded events include:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;None
<br><br>
Today's picture is from:

<!--more-->

### EVENTS TODAY

CPI number came out and it is flat! 0% increase in CPI MoM. We still have 8.6% CPI YoY, but this is a step in the right direction. I've said it before and I'll say it again. The longer this inflationary period lasts the worse the crisis will become. Inflation eats away at consumer sentiment and thus Marginal propensity to consume. But looking at the 8.6% YoY we can see there is still pain and to be frank I feel it every time I go to the grocery store. One way to measure inflation is by CPI; the other is by how much your wallet hates you for going to the grocery store. My wallet still hates me every time I get groceries.

However we also have the flip side to consider. With inflation no longer rising🤞 what comes next? We'll, deflation is what comes next. In every credit cycle and especially in every credit bubble there is an inflationary period immediately followed by a deflationary period. And this deflationary period will not be pretty. Remember: deflation makes money more valuable AND it make debt heavier. By any metric in essentially any entity (Country, State, City, Business, Household) we have the most debt that has ever been accrued. And this isn't just nominal debt. Any ratio of say debt:GDP, debt:capita, etc etc will show you that we just have too much debt. On top of this we have rising interest rates which makes the burden of debt even heavier.

Inflationary periods can become a viscous cycle where people expect more inflation and thus more inflation comes. This led us to a 9.6% YoY raise in prices. A 40yr high. However, this cycle has to compete with the inherently deflationary aspects of our economy: debt and demographics. So when we flip to a deflationary cycle (which will most likely become ingrained) we will be SOL. Not only will you have your deflationary viscous cycle you will have an inherently deflationary environment to bat. I would bet we see at least 5% deflation in 2023. A death sentence for most economies. 


### TODAY'S TRADES

Events: None

No trades made based on CPI, however gotta love the VIX


| Date     | Buy/Sell | Ticker | Amount | Call/Put | Strike | Expiration Date | Average Price | Total |
| -------- | -------- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| 08/09/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 6      | Call     | $15    | 10/21/22        | $1.36         | $816  |
| 08/10/22 | Buy      | UVXY   | 2      | Call     | $9.5   | 08/26/22        | $.92          | $178  |


### WEBSITE PROGRESS

Still updating the temple. After this PR that was just made is merged I will begin to section off the content folder and the pages folder into how I want the routes tree to look. 
